[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
muy spoiler alerts today we are talking
about the 2015 superhero film ant-man so
let's get started in 1989 scientist Hank
Pym resigns from shield after
discovering their attempt to replicate
his ant-man shrinking technology
believing the technology is dangerous
Pym vows to hide it as long as he lives
in the present-day PIMs daughter hope
van Dijk and former Protege Darren cross
have forced him out of his company Pym
technologies cross is close to
perfecting a shrinking suit of his own
diello jacket which horrifies Pym upon
his release from prison Scott Lang moves
in with his old cellmate lois lane
visits his daughter and his chastised by
his former wife and her police officer
fiance Paxton for not providing child
support unable to hold a job laying
agrees to join Louis's crew Lane breaks
into a house and cracks it safe but only
finds what he believes to be an old
motorcycle suit after trying the suit on
laying shrinks himself to the size of an
insect terrified by the experience he
returns the suit to the house but as
arrested on the way out
him the home owner visits Lang in jail
and smuggles the suit into a cell to
help him break out Pym manipulated Lane
through an unknowing Lewis and de
stealing the suit as a test and wants
Ling to become the new ant-man to steal
the yellowjacket hope and pen train Lang
to fight and control ants Pym warns Lang
that he could disappear into a subatomic
quantum realm like his wife the wasps
did if he overrides the suits regulator
they send him to steal a device from the
avengers headquarters where he briefly
fights Sam Wilson cross perfects the
Yellow Jacket and hosts an unveiling
ceremony at Pym technologies laying
along with the crew and a swarm of
flying ants and filtrate the building
during the event sabotage the company's
servers and plant explosives when he
attempts to steal the yellowjacket they
are all captured by cross who intends to
sell both the yellowjacket and ant
suits the Hydra Langan hope break free
to take out most of the Hydra agents
although one flees with a vial of
crosses particles and PIM is shot lang
pursues cross while the explosives
detonate imploding the building as PIM
and hope escape cross wearing the Yellow
Jacket attacks Lang before laying is
arrested by packs cross takes the Lang's
daughter Haas at chiller heaven to
another fight Lang overrides the
regulator and shrinks to some atomic
size the penetrate crosses suit and
sabotage it to strength uncontrollably
killing cross Lang disappears into the
quantum realm but manages to reverse the
effects out of gratitude packs and
covers for links to keep him out of
prison
seeing that laying survived the quantum
realm Tim wonders if his wife is alive
as well later Lang meets up with Lois
who tells him that Wilson is looking for
him and a mid-credits scene Pym shows
hope a new wasp prototype suit and
offers it to her and a post-credits
scene Wilson and Steve Rogers have Bucky
Barnes in custody unable to contact Tony
Stark because of the Accords Wilson
mentions that he knows someone who could
help so that was a spoilers for ant-man
if you have a film you'd like to see me
spoil please let me know in the comments
below check out movies blur alerts on
social media and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching